The construction that has been done on the original version of
java minibase software:

1. All package names have been changed to java style, i.e. all
   are in lower case letters:

   Updated package names (so is the corresponding declarating 
   within each *.java program.)

    new                old
   ------             ------           
   bufmgr             BUFmgr
   diskmgr            DBmgr
   heap               HeapFile
   global             Global
   btree              btree
   iterator           iterator
   index              index
   catalog            catalog
   tests              tests

2. The attempt to eliminate the original exception handling
   stack aborted due to the following reasons:

   - The java exception handling stack does not provide enough
     control over layered exception throwing.
   - The original design made it the code conversion hard to
     accomplish.  It would have resulted in a big mess.

   Therefore the following modifications:

3. One more package, chainexception, was added.  The original
   ChainException.java program did not belong to any exsiting
   package.  Putting a wrapper package around the program has
   made the software more modulized.

4. Exception names in all packages (with exception of the catalog
   package) were updated to follow the java naming style.  One of
   the motivation in doing so was that many of the exceptions in
   the original code were named *something*Error.  Since Error
   class exists in java language and refers specifically to another
   type of error, it was therefore necessary to alter the names of
   the exception to make them less misleading.  It also made our
   code more professional looking.

5. The ChainException.java has been modified to enable the printStack()
   method to print out the entire exception stack from the bottom
   layer. The following should be followed when throw minibase exceptions:

   //to throw a minibase first error:
     throw new SomeException(null, "Error Message");

   //to throw a  minibase chain error ex2 based on first error ex1:
   catch(exception LowerLayerException) {
     throw new SomeException(LowerLayerException, "Error Message");
   }

   //to display the whole error chain:
   catch(exception e) {
     // this will recursively print out all trace stack.
     e.printStackTrace();
   }

   Note that the original implementation did not strictly follow the 
   above protocol.  The code has been modified to my best ability. 

6. Due to the changes in all packages, the test files all needed to
   be modified accordingly as well.  Now all the packages have passed
   the test files implemented.

7. Assignments are prepared for Buffer Manager, Heap Files, B+ Tree,
   and Sorted Merge Join.  Note that the Sorted Merge Join assignment
   can also be easily modified (extended) to other Join assignments,
   i.e. Nested Loop Join for example.  Read the README file in each
   package (if exsited) for details of assignments.  The princeple here
   is to fully utilize the javadoc documentation for the descriptions
   of classes provided or to be implemented.  All the handouts are
   modified accordingly.

8. The package index for the complete version of all packages for
   java minibase is under ./javadoc.
   The documetation is created by:

   javadoc -d javadoc -public bufmgr diskmgr heap btree index catalog \
                              iterator global chainexception

Qingqing Ouyang
12/14/1998
